Welcome back!
So, today I'm going to go ahead
and talk about a keyword called
auto
like this.
auto.
This is something new
in C++11
and in C++11 it was introduced
as a new feature.
This allows for the
automatic detection of variable
types.
So, you don't need to declare it as
an int
or is a double or something like that.
Rather instead, it can be recognized
in an automatic fashion
what it actually is.
This does shorten the code by
a great deal
and it is convenient in
a good amount of situations
but it is more difficult to read
the code and
there is a lot of dispute whether this
should be implemented in C++
or not. The debate is still on going
that it has been implemented.
Anyway, you shouldn't overuse auto
keywords.
for auto detection.
If you have the option
if you are able to declare
the variables straight away,
with the type
then do so.
If for whatever circumstances,
it is far far more convenient,
to use the auto keyword, and
use the auto detection,
then feel free but,
As I said,
declare the types on your own
as much as you can.
For
a wide variety of reasons,
so, if I type in Auto,
x =
10.5
and
line terminator,
Ok, so 10.5 is clearly
a double.
But if I place in auto,
x this will be recognize as a double.
I don't need to declare it as a
double. I can also say
auto
y
is equal
to 10.
So, this will also be recognized as
an integer without me declaring it
as an integer.
Keep that in mind.
So, we can initialize this variables
in several ways.
We can
go down, and type in int
var1 is equal
10. Keep this in mind, there
are a lot of people
who initialize variables in various ways
in
for different purposes and
different codes
and you might encounter something
like this. You've seen this regular
and standard variable initialization.
And this initialization consists of
appending the equals sign
followed by the value.
Now, you have constructor
initialization which is
which goes like this.
int var2
=
20.
Because this is also
this is alos one way of actually doing it.
Sorry,
Let's just put in 10.
This is the
My apologies.
We'll get to the curly brackets
ok, there we go.
My apologies sorry this is just
this is just habit forming and
sometimes you make errors
anyway, it says int
var2
and you have parenthesis here.
This is contstructor initialization
and down below
you have int,
var3
and then you have this curly braces
but we don't need
certainly not.
another space here.
And you type in 20.
I don't know I just selected some random
values.
This is uniform initialization.
that has been introduced in C++11
and it is recommended for use.
to initialize variables in which
fashion
in this way.
So, is what it is recommended to do.
And this is where the C++
programming language is going to
C++11
is like.
It is pretty much the newest standard
and you should be focusing on those new
standards.
I wouldn't say disregarding or
throwing away everything that is old,
but just moving in the right direction
of the future. There is a reason why
these things are being changed.
Now, we shouldn't overdo it
with using auto keyword as I said when
declaring the type.
When writing
the type is short and it's not
like consumed too much
of the code, or time
or something like that,
we should really write the type.
And only if he writing type is really long
or inconvenient for whatever
reasons, then you should consider
using the word auto.
For example,
The following line,
where the lines above
these two lines above, both of them
are pretty much overdoing it.
and this line
auto,
var
This would also be overdoing it.
I mean,
why not just type in the type
of this and say this is an int
and no problem, solve it, but
I mean,
those are probably wanted a var
to be on type int.
with I don't know,
the initial value of 6.
var
6,
integer
whose value is var 6.
But that is not
int
var here is type
you have some sort of an initialization
list.
That is var that is type of a list
with one element.
And that is the element with the value
6.
The list on certain context is
context
behaves
as an int.
but it is not an int,
so you should not overdo
it with auto
It can cause errors, problems,
etc, for your confusion.
Not the best of ideas,
unless you absolutely need to do it,
do not
do it.
I've mentioned here, lists and this would
be explained, somewhere
along the way, there would be explained
but that is a more advanced
subject.
I noted this last part
is probably a little bit confusing.
And I can feel myself, I can here my own
speech and I feel that I haven't
explained it to the best of my
abilities, but I have
tried in any case
that is why I leave the discussion
section open and
I paid people who are there to
you answer questions
and to help you out in any way
that they can gladly.
So, everything that you did not understand
here, feel free
to post it in the discussion section.
There are people who will
help you out gladly.
Not just
people in community in general,
they would probably help you too but,
there are also people who are paid
to help you out as well.
That is one of the benefits of
buying this courses.
Anyway, I bid you farewell here. And
there will be only one more section
Well, there will be only one more tutorial
of this chapter, where
I will talk about comments and
then we will be done with this and we will
move on into more advanced examples
and see,
what goes on there. probably
a little bit more interesting
But we'll see how it goes.